Now let's go to an exercise
on final states.
Something that was mentioned in the chat
was the facts that we have this sort
of ugly looking transition over here,
because we're targeting an ID.
So it's ugly because we're in
a child state of a parent state, but
we want this to go directly
to an unrelated parent state.
Like I called it, it's sort of
like an uncle or sibling states.
But we could represent
this more semantically and
in a cleaner way,
by using final states instead.
So what I want you to do is change
this target to go to a finished state,
make this finished state a final state and
observe what happens with
this on done transition.
And test it in your app and make sure
that everything still works the same.